== 0.4.0 - 4-Jul-2020
* Replaced test-unit with rspec, rewrote the tests, and made relevant
  changes to the gemspec, etc.
* Pinned the ptools version to 1.3.x.

== 0.3.2 - 19-Mar-2020
* Properly include a LICENSE file as per the Apache-2.0 license.

== 0.3.1 - 11-Dec-2019
* Added .rdoc extension to various text files so that they render more nicely
  on github.

== 0.3.0 - 6-Jan-2019
* Changed license to Apache-2.0.
* Replaced class variables with methods.
* Updated cert.

== 0.2.6 - 6-Sep-2015
* Added an mkmf-lite.rb file for convenience.
* Assume Rubygems 2.x.
* This gem is now signed.

== 0.2.5 - 2-Oct-2014
* The CC command for mingw now defaults to searching your path rather than
  relying on an environment variable because it wasn't trustworthy.
* Updated the gem:install task for Rubygems 2.x.

== 0.2.4 - 7-Mar-2013
* The have_header method now accepts an optional list of directories to search.

== 0.2.3 - 25-Apr-2012
* No longer assumes mingw/gcc on Windows. Now passes all tests with a
  version of Ruby compiled with MSVC++.
* Eliminate Config vs RbConfig warnings in 1.9.3.
* The stdout stream is now temporarily closed in places where it could
  result in unwanted output.
* Upgraded test-unit prerequisite to 2.4.0 or later.

== 0.2.2 - 6-Dec-2011
* Added the check_sizeof method.
* If CONFIG['COMMON_HEADERS'] is blank then stdio.h and stdlib.h are
  used instead. On MS Windows the windows.h header is also used.

== 0.2.1 - 21-Jan-2011
* Minor platform detection adjustments for MS Windows.

== 0.2.0 - 8-Jun-2010
* Now works properly with JRuby (though it still requires a compiler
  somewhere on your system).

== 0.1.0 - 24-May-2010
* Initial release.
